Do you want to translate source of rare language? OK, this program will help you
If you want to translate source, you should create rules of translating, named grammatics
Automatic Statement Completion: When using the Members list (Ctrl+Alt+T), you can insert the selected item by simply typing the character that will follow it, such as '(' , ';' or space. 
You can view whitespace (tabs and spaces) in your source files by clicking Advanced on the Edit menu and then clicking View Whitespace (or pressing Ctrl-Shift-8).
You can view indent guides in your source files by clicking Advanced on the Edit menu and then clicking View Indent Guides (or pressing Ctrl-Shift-9).
You can scale source view pressing Ctrl-"Gray -", Ctrl-"Gray +", Ctrl-"Gray /"
You can have multiple projects in a workspace bar at a time. 
You can move between open windows by pressing Ctrl+Tab and Ctrl+Shift+Tab.
Workspace Bar lists all of the classes in your project, not just the ones in the current file.
You can show and hide the Workspace or Output windows by using the show/hide toggle buttons on the standard toolbar.
You can reset the contents of a single menu. When customizing, select the menu in the menu bar, choose the Modify Selection button. then click Reset.
You can customize menus and menu commands. To add a command, choose Customize from the Tools menu. Click Commands, choose a category, and drag a command to the menu. 
Menus can now be customized. Choose Customize from the Tools menu, and click Commands. As you drag a command or toolbar button over a menu, it will automatically drop down.
You can now put any menu on any toolbar. Choose Customize from the Tools menu, and click Commands. Choose the Menus category, and drag the menu to any toolbar.
You can create your own custom submenus. Choose Customize from the Tools menu, and click Commands. Choose the New Menu category, and drag a new menu to any toolbar or menu.
You can customize the appearance of all toolbar buttons and menu items. Choose Customize from the Tools menu, and click Commands. Select the item you want to change, then click Modify Selection.
If you've customized away a critical command, you can always find it again. Choose Customize from the Tools menu, and click Commands. Choose the Deleted Commands category. All default commands that you've deleted will be listed.
You can tile any subset of your open windows. Choose Windows from the Window menu. Select the windows you want to tile, and click one of the Tile buttons.
You can create a keyboard shortcut for the main menu bar. Bind the {MenuBar} command to a key using the Keyboard tab on the Customize dialog (Tools menu). When you press the key, the bar will appear as a context menu.
You can put toolbar buttons on the menu bar. It behaves just like any other toolbar, except that it occupies a whole row and can't be hidden.
You can change the number of items on the Window menu. Choose Options from the Tools menu, and click Workspace.
In Full Screen mode, you can still use the menus from the keyboard, even though you can't see the menu bar.
Toolbars can be docked transversely by holding down the Shift key while docking the bar. If you're dropping it at the top, it drops vertically. If you're dropping it at the side, it drops horizontally.
Most toolbar customizations can be done without using the Customize dialog box. Simply hold down the Alt key and drag any button.
You can search for either ASCII strings or hexadecimal bytes in the Binary editor using the Find command on the Edit menu.
You can reposition the menu bar by dragging and dropping its grabber bars.
You can convert tabs to spaces or vice versa using the Tabify and Untabify commands. On the Edit menu, click Advanced.
You can hide all screen elements to see more information. On the View menu, click Full Screen. To restore the screen, click the Full Screen button or press Esc.
You can resize the drop-down controls on toolbars. On the Tools menu, choose Customize and click the Commands tab. Click the control on the toolbar to display the selection box and then drag the right edge.
You can move a toolbar button by holding down Alt and dragging it to a new position. You can drag it to a different toolbar or remove it by dragging it off the toolbar.
Many useful commands are accessible only from toolbar buttons. To discover the available toolbar buttons, click the Commands tab on the Customize dialog box. To add a toolbar button to an open toolbar, drag the toolbar button from the tab to the toolbar. Dropping the toolbar button outside an existing toolbar creates a custom toolbar. 
To close and save multiple source files, you can click the Windows command on the Window menu.
You can display multiple toolbars. On the Tools menu, choose Customize. Click Toolbars and then select the toolbars you want.
You can undock a dockable window by double-clicking its border. To see a list of dockable windows, click the Workspace tab on the Options dialog box.
You can cycle through panes in a tabbed window by pressing Ctrl+PageUp or Ctrl+PageDown. You can cycle through tabs in a tabbed dialog by pressing Ctrl+Tab or Ctrl+Shift+Tab.
You can close a dialog box by pressing Esc.
When editing, you can move selected items by dragging. To copy the selection, hold down Ctrl as you drag.
You can press Esc or Shift+Esc to hide a window in a dockable state. When focus is either in the output or topic window, pressing Esc returns focus to an open source window, without hiding the output or topic window. Pressing Esc again hides the output or topic window.
You can learn about any command on a menu by highlighting the command and reading the text in the status bar at the bottom of the main window.
You can quickly select a large block of text with the mouse. Click at the beginning of the text, press Shift, and then click at the end of the text.
You can display a menu of toolbars by pointing to a toolbar and then clicking the right mouse button.
You can move a toolbar by clicking between the toolbar buttons and dragging. Return the toolbar to its original position by double-clicking its titlebar.




